[DOCS-1254] Update docs for Run Comparer (#1232)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/app/features/panels/run-comparer.md

weight: 70
---

Use the Run Comparer to see differences and similarities across runs in your project. 

## Add a Run Comparer panel

1. Select the **Add panels** button in the top right corner of the page.
1. From the **Evaluation** section, select **Run comparer**.

## Use Run Comparer
Run Comparer shows the configuration and logged metrics for the 10 first visible runs in the project, one column per run.

- To change the runs to compare, you can search, filter, group, or sort the list of runs on the left-hand side. The Run Comparer updates automatically.
- To filter or search for a configuration key, use the search field at the top of the Run Comparer.
- To quickly see differences and hide identical values, toggle **Diff only** at the top of the panel.
- To adjust the column width or row height, use the formatting buttons at the top of the panel.
- To copy any configuration or metric's value, hover your mouse over the value, then click the copy button. The entire value is copied, even if it is too long to display on the screen.

{{% alert %}}

> Run Comparer does not differentiate runs with different values for [`job_type`]({{< relref "/ref/python/init.md" >}}). This means that it is possible to compare runs that are not really comparable, like comparing an image run to an audio run. Search, filter, group, or sort the list of runs to limit it to the runs you want to analyze. For example, filter or sort the list of runs by `job_type` to compare similar runs.

Reviewer: Feel free to word smith:

```suggestion
By default, Run Comparer does not differentiate runs with different values for [`job_type`]({{< relref "/ref/python/init.md" >}}). This means that it is possible to compare runs that are not comparable within a project. For example, you could compare a training run to a model evaluation run. A training run could contain run logs, hyperparameters, training loss metrics, and the model itself. An evaluation run could use the model to check the model's performance on new training data.

When you search, filter, group, or sort the list of runs in the Runs Table, the Run Comparer automatically updates to compare the first 10 runs. Filter or search within the Runs Table to compare similar runs, such as by filtering or sorting the list by `job_type`. Learn more about [filtering runs]({{< relref "/guides/runs/filter-runs.md" >}}).
```

Link to filtering runs: https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/runs/filter-runs/

Author: WDYT about my edit of your suggestion?

Reviewer: Add "could" because, a user may decide to not do all the above and/or do more.

"A training run could contain run logs, hyperparameters, training loss metrics, and the model itself. While an evaluation run could use the model to check the model's performance on new training data."

- To change the runs to compare, you can search, filter, group, or sort the list of runs on the left-hand side. The Run Comparer updates automatically.
- To filter or search for a configuration key, use the search field at the top of the Run Comparer.
- To quickly see differences and hide identical values, toggle **Diff only** at the top of the panel.
- To adjust the column width or row height, use the formatting buttons at the top of the panel.
- To copy any configuration or metric's value, hover your mouse over the value, then click the copy button. The entire value is copied, even if it is too long to display on the screen.

{{% alert %}}
By default, Run Comparer does not differentiate runs with different values for [`job_type`]({{< relref "/ref/python/init.md" >}}). This means that it is possible to compare runs that are not comparable within a project. For example, you could compare a training run to a model evaluation run. A training run could contain run logs, hyperparameters, training loss metrics, and the model itself. An evaluation run could use the model to check the model's performance on new training data.

> When you search, filter, group, or sort the list of runs in the Runs Table, the Run Comparer automatically updates to compare the first 10 runs. Filter or search within the Runs Table to compare similar runs, such as by filtering or sorting the list by `job_type`. Learn more about [filtering runs]({{< relref "/guides/runs/filter-runs.md" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
When you search, filter, group, or sort the list of runs in the Runs Table, the Run Comparer automatically updates to compare the first 10 runs. Filter or search within the Runs Table to compare similar runs, such as by filtering or sorting the list by `job_type`. Learn more about [filtering runs]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/filter-runs.md" >}}).
```

weight: 70
---

Use the Run Comparer to see differences and similarities across runs in your project. 

## Add a Run Comparer panel

1. Select the **Add panels** button in the top right corner of the page.
1. From the **Evaluation** section, select **Run comparer**.

## Use Run Comparer
Run Comparer shows the configuration and logged metrics for the 10 first visible runs in the project, one column per run.

- To change the runs to compare, you can search, filter, group, or sort the list of runs on the left-hand side. The Run Comparer updates automatically.
- To filter or search for a configuration key, use the search field at the top of the Run Comparer.
- To quickly see differences and hide identical values, toggle **Diff only** at the top of the panel.
- To adjust the column width or row height, use the formatting buttons at the top of the panel.
- To copy any configuration or metric's value, hover your mouse over the value, then click the copy button. The entire value is copied, even if it is too long to display on the screen.

{{% alert %}}

> Run Comparer does not differentiate runs by type. This means that it is possible to compare runs that are not really comparable, like comparing an image run to an audio run. Search, filter, group, or sort the list of runs to limit it to the runs you want to analyze.

Reviewer: Runs don't have "types". You can, however, specify a "job_type" when you create a run. See "job_type" in https://docs.wandb.ai/ref/python/init/

{{% /alert %}}

> This image compares three image runs with **Diff only** enabled, and filters for configurations that match the string `run`.

Reviewer: I don't think we should show this image, example. I think this confuses run names with filtering runs by what they do.  For a couple of reasons:

* Run names are normally used for describing the step in the ML. E.g. "training-image
* Normally you wouldn't create runs with the same name. At a minimum, you'd append the run.id to differentiate between runs. 
* You can sort runs based on the "job_type" specified when you create a run.
